BlockShark Pledge (#2)
Agoric/validator-profiles: BlockShark/README.md

# Agoric Validator Pledge

> To receive and maintain delegation from the Agoric OpCo, I,[Entity or Individual name] hereby commit to the following work and support for the benefit of the Agoric Network and Community. If, for any reason, I do not meet these commitments then I understand that I may lose delegation staked to me by the Agoric Operations Company and/or any other associated organizations. :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To receive and maintain delegation from the Agoric OpCo, I, BlockShark hereby commit to the following work and support for the benefit of the Agoric Network and Community. If, for any reason, I do not meet these commitments then I understand that I may lose delegation staked to me by the Agoric Operations Company and/or any other associated organizations. :
```

Author: added BlockShark
